Add initial migration guide (#85)
valkey-io/libvalkey: docs/migration-guide.md

# Migration guide

Libvalkey can replace both libraries `hiredis` and `hiredis-cluster`.
This guide highlights which APIs that have changed and what you need to do when migrating to libvalkey.

The general actions needed are:

* Replace the prefix `redis` with `valkey` in API usages.
* Update include paths depending on your previous installation.
  All `libvalkey` headers are now found under `include/valkey/`.

## Migrating from `hiredis` v1.2.0

The type `sds` is removed from the public API.

### Removed API functions

> * `valkeyFormatSdsCommandArgv` removed from API. Can be replaced with `valkeyFormatCommandArgv`.
> * `valkeyFreeSdsCommand` removed since the `sds` type is for internal use only.

Reviewer: Hiredis 1.2.0 doesn't have a function called `valkeyFormatSdsCommandArgv`.

```suggestion
* `redisFormatSdsCommandArgv` removed from API. Can be replaced with `valkeyFormatCommandArgv`.
* `redisFreeSdsCommand` removed since the `sds` type is for internal use only.
```

Author: of course! Good finding
